README.md, before:

# Lumen PHP Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/lumen-framework.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/lumen-framework)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laravel/lumen-framework)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/lumen-framework)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/laravel/lumen-framework)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/lumen-framework)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/laravel/lumen)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/lumen-framework)

Laravel Lumen is a stunningly fast PHP micro-framework for building web applications with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable, creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Lumen attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as routing, database abstraction, queueing, and caching.

> **Note:** In the years since releasing Lumen, PHP has made a variety of wonderful performance improvements. For this reason, along with the availability of [Laravel Octane](https://laravel.com/docs/octane), we no longer recommend that you begin new projects with Lumen. Instead, we recommend always beginning new projects with [Laravel](https://laravel.com).

## Official Documentation

Documentation for the framework can be found on the [Lumen website](https://lumen.laravel.com/docs).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to Lumen! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Lumen, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Lumen framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add movies controller/docs/tests

README.md, after:

# FOD Movies
This API comes with 10 randomly generated movies and attached 2 randomly generated genres
This API uses an SQLITE database however can be configured to use any database

## Installation
- `composer install`
- `cp .env.example .env`
- `php artisan migrate:fresh && php artisan db:seed`

## Running the application
`php -S localhost:8000 -t public`

## Available endpoints
- get /api/movie
- get /api/movie/{id}
- post /api/movie
- delete /api/movie/{id}

## Documentation
Swagger OpenApi documentation
`vendor/bin/openapi app -o openapi.yml`
Documentation then found at root of directory in `openapi.yml` file


## Pitfalls and Considerations
- Documentation could have been more in-depth (Schema relationships)
- Mixture between annotations and DocBlocks
- Would be nice to attach multiple genres when creating a movie
- Only way to create genres is when creating a movie
- return messages may not be the best to inform users on their actions
- Testing should have been more in-depth
- Could integrate Swagger UI for interactive documentation
